this video was made possible by hover by
your custom domain and email for 10% off
at hover.com /h a well well well look
what episode it is h AI number 100
I have finally disproven those strangely
specific haters who said I would never
make more than 99 medium quality
slightly funny slightly interesting
videos on a nondescript grouping of
subjects well look at me now anyway
over the past 99 videos there have been
literally hundreds of potential topics
that we decided not to do because even
as good as we are stretching out topics
they couldn't possibly fill up a full 5
minutes as there's no better way to
celebrate 99 of the same format of
videos than something different we're
going to cover as many as possible of
those today
welcome to quarter as interesting
speaking of quarters let's start with
the land that doesn't have any australia
back in the 1930s in australia's empty
bit there were lots of farmers and emus
now farmers and emus go together like
fish sticks and frosting poorly the emus
would break fences eat crops that were
just all-around destructive and so the
Australians in keeping with their role
as upside down Americans decided to
declare war against the emus basically
the army went out with machine guns
ammunition and orders to kill as many
emus as possible beyond that it's pretty
much a normal war story except for the
opponent being emus and in the end the
army actually lost because have you seen
an emu now imagine 10,000 of those this
is overall one of these great title ok
topic kind of videos which is why
despite receiving literally hundreds of
requests for this that's all you get
also there's a Salmonella video on it so
just go watch that but let's transition
to Australia's old senile father the
United Kingdom of Great Britain and
probably Northern Ireland depending on
when you're watching this two of the
UK's greatest loves arty and football
the non moon-landing country kind now
when a child is born in the UK they are
immediately issued an electric kettle
it's a requirement for living there
these mythical devices are able to bring
water to a boil in a matter of seconds
which is crucial for improving the
country's TC CT statistics that's tea
craving to consumption time the problem
though is that these kettles use a lot
of electricity and therefore if a lot of
people want tea at the same time the
our grid has to predict and adjusted
this in order to avoid a blackout of
course when everyone wants tea is when a
football match finishes the biggest
instance of this was in 1990 when
England played West Germany in the World
Cup semi-final after the shootout was
finished in which England lost everyone
watching the match in England went and
turned on their kettles to make anger
tea and there was a huge electricity
surge of 2,800 megawatts equivalent to 1
point 1 million kettles being turned on
simultaneously in the past this was a
real concern for power grids during big
TV events and so they had to develop
techniques to quickly generate power in
response but nowadays it's supposedly
less of an issue as more and more of the
country switches to watching half as
interesting videos at any time they want
among other online video things this
also wasn't an issue back in the 1890s
partially because not as many people
were watching TV personally because time
as a concept was iffy the iPhones at the
time didn't set the time automatically
so people had to somehow get the
accurate time from public clocks in
Greenwich England there were a few
solutions to this one was a ball at the
top of the Greenwich Observatory that
would drop at 1 p.m. exactly but not
everyone could see this one was a series
of telegraph signals that would go off
at certain times per day but not
everyone had a telegraph station the
third solution was to buy the time from
a lady named Ruth Belleville every
morning she would set her super accurate
pocket watch to the accurate time of the
Greenwich Observatory and then go around
the town by horse and buggy to give the
accurate time to those who subscribe to
her service I say with having already
figured out how to subscription eyes
time that she was ahead of her time but
as we know she was right on to us shut
out me but let's transition to England's
favorite hexagons France if you want to
get from the beautiful city of Nod to
the beautiful island of namu ta you have
two choices you can take the bridge like
a boring oatmeal eating dude or you can
drive through the freakin ocean like
you're the prophet Moses back from the
dead to enable slightly more convenient
underwater road routes the under ocean
road in question is the passage du Bois
which is and I can't stress this enough
literally underwater at least for part
of the day you see the coast of France
has some of the largest tides in the
world with this particular area seeing
about a 20 foot or 6 metre difference
between high and low tide that's enough
to completely reveal this road at low
tide cars are only allowed to drive on
it for the 90 minutes before and after
each load tie making its usage limited
but it can save about a whole 10 or so
minutes in the comparison to taking the
bridge when coming from the north
but let's now head west and then south
to talk about one of the battles of the
American Civil War more south north more
south like beyond the sofa on the porch
kind of south yeah there now I'm no
rocket scientist but based off what I
know about South America it is not the
America in which the movie took place so
why was there an American Civil War
battle fair well this is a quick one
basically off the coast of Brazil there
chilled a union boat that was the og US
and in came a Pacific bound Confederate
boat though is where the breakaway bad
guys both stopped in this Brazilian port
upon seeing the bad guy bows the Union
boat sent a letter over basically saying
you what mate to which the Confederate
boat responded I'm just trying to get
repaired and leave to which the Union
boat responded boom as it fired its
cannons at it in the middle of the night
those cannonballs missed but then they
exchanged musket fire the Union boat
rammed the Confederate one boarded it
and won the Brazilians understandably
were not pleased about the u.s. having a
battle on their turf but the u.s.
surprisingly didn't care even though the
unprovoked attack was like full-on
without a doubt illegal but anyways
that's why there was a u.s. Civil War
battle in South America now if you ever
become a mid to late 1800s naval captain
you'll know that the one thing that
you'll desperately need is respect well
I guarantee you that the best way to get
your sailors respect you is to have a
professional-looking email address at a
custom domain nothing screams in control
like captain at look at my hat dot cool
that email or really any email using
their over 400 domain extensions can be
yours in about 120 seconds by going to
hover calm /h AI you can also of course
just bio domain from hover as they're
the best place to buy your corner of the
internet before someone else steals your
domain name whether it's an email or a
domain you can get 10% off your first
purchase but going to hover.com /h ai
and you'll be supporting the show while
you're at it